I love you.
-I love you.
I love the way you make me feel.
You make me feel like,
anything is possible.
You always make me happy,
And you show me things that,
I could have never imagined.
You and I, we just... fit.
You know what I want,
and I always know what you need.
It's all the little things.
You've got a beautiful sole.
You could just be cheesy sometimes,
-I love it.
-I would stand in...
rainstorms and blizzards
just to be with you.
You didn't always look this good.
What I mean is–
After all these years
you just keep getting better and better.
You're so hot,
You make me look good.
And I'm super selfish,
I always want you to myself.
When things get difficult,
I love that we can always start over.
I love that there's two of you,
and I will never crease you!
I love how you feel in my hands.
and that you're Bluetooth-enabled.
There's always something new with you,
and I love that you have no commercials.
I love how you make
all my problems go away.
[gulp]
I love how you make
all my problems go away.
Wait, did I already say that?
I love that you're only a phone call away.
And only $6.99 on Wednesdays?!
[gulps]
Ah...
[door bell]
Pepperoni pizza?
Uh... yeah.
So, uh...
you eatin' alone tonight?
Well I...
guess I am missing a little bit of,
heat, now aren't I?
You have any of those chili flakes?
You know, the ones in the packets?
Yeah!
Thanks!
Bye!
Hey.
So are we still gonna
go out tonight or what?
Megan, no!
Why?
Every time...
Hey everyone!
Hope you guys liked that sketch.
Tell us in the comments what you're
in love with this Valentines' Day.
Hopefully, it's alive.
Enjoy the bloopers!
Ah I just wanna eat you up.
I just wanna eat you!
You're so hot, I just wanna eat you up.
-And you're so instant.
-[text message chimes]
Like that text message.
-It was instant text message.
-[giggles]
Sometimes people call you a square but,
-I just think you're more of a triangle.
-[laughter]